You'll learn about LET and Konst a number thing and number construct you're going to see a lot and of
course our aero functions.
That's a different syntax for creating Javascript functions.
A normal javascript function of course looks like this.
With the function keyword You might also note a syntax where you have bar my fonk equals function.
Now an arrow function looks like this.
Here I'm storing it in a constant and then on the right side of the equals sign.
That's the arrow function syntax.
A list of arguments here it's on but could hold some arguments and then an arrow.
So an equal sign and a greater than sign and then the function body.
The arrow function index is a bit shorter than the normal syntax since it omits the function keyword
and it also and that is the great benefit.
Solves a lot of the issues you often had with that.
This keyword in javascript.
If you've worked with javascript a bit you probably know that this keyword doesn't always refer to what
you might have expected it to refer to during your writing your code.
When you use this inside the arrow function it will always keep its context and not changed surprisingly
on runtime.
So let's now move to J spend to see that arrow function syntax.
In practice back in J Espin.
Let's create a normal function print my name like this.
Now here we can of course output console log name and pass name as the argument.
Now if I call print my name like this and had control after we get on the find because I didn't pass
anything for it do the same with Max passed as an argument.
We get max now at the arrow function the equivalent is to start us in a constant named print my name.
It could also be created with LET.
If you plan on re-assigning this variable print my name as a constant.
And now don't forget to add this arrow between the list of arguments and the function body is now clear
and rerun this you'll still see Max.
So here it behaves exactly in the same way.
Now the this keyword thing is something you'll see for the course.
It becomes important once you add functions to object of course.
First of all let me show you some alternatives to disinfects though regarding the argument list.
To be precise if you only receive one argument as we do here you can also use a shortcut of omitting
the parentheses around it.
That's only valid for exactly one argument though not for more and not for last here.
You will still get the same result if you had a function which receives no arguments.
This is not valid syntax.
You need to pass an empty pair of parentheses like this.
If we execute this now we also still see Max.
So this works if you have more than one argument.
You also need parentheses.
So name and age like this won't work.
You will need to wrap this in parentheses.
And now you could output name and age and past both as arguments here.
So these are two different syntax us you might see regarding the arguments.
There also is an alternative.
Regarding the function body.
So on the right side of the arrow obviously a lot of functions just return something.
So let's say here we actually want to multiply something and we get a number as an argument.
Now we want to return number times to obviously what we can do is we can console locked the result of
multiply.
So Watts returned by multiply and passed to here.
If I now cleared as and run this we should see four and we do.
If you have this case where all you do in your function body is return and you have no other code in
there you can omit the Cauley braces and write this in one line and then you all have to admit the return
keyword does is a very short question of writing this function.
It gets a bit shorter if we take advantage of the shortcut of removing the parentheses around the single
argument.
And now what this does is it still returns the result of this code.
Here we just omit the return keyword and we have two emitted.
And we have a very concise and short way of writing a function that takes one or more arguments and
returns something.
So here clearing and running does still yields 4.
So this is all the syntax you might see and the function in general is something you'll see a lot.
You saw the various syntax us.
You don't have to remember all of them right now.
Just be aware that there are difference in Texas and if we don't use them they'll quickly come back
to your mind and you know why we use a given syntax.